with Mr. Evans on the 11th of April, 1999, the anniversary of the first shots at Fort Sumter that started the Civil War in 1861.
Happened to read the paper today.
The weather outside in Bracketville today is cloudy, but on the inside is bright and sunny.
Let's see.
We were chatting about the beginning of your agricultural work and your ranching.
When did you first go into the land business for yourself?
I knew very well.
He never met him.
He called me up to tell him that the Brown Brothers loved him.
five dollars an acre
Now you say the Brown brothers.
Is this Herman and George Brown in Houston?
How long had you known them?
Hmm.
That land up in the panhandle, did it by chance have any oil underneath it?
Come on up, Brad.
Similarly.
Inşallah.
Wow, that's good.
Thirteen years, never fail to make a profit.
And what were you growing?
Now, your favorite cattle are red.
Now you've been both in ranching and farming.
What was your favorite crop?
Which crop did you enjoy growing most?
Tony.
Now, when did you acquire the Nine Bar Ranch?
What year?
What time?
1950?
And kept it how long?
He said, I don't do that by his name.
He said, if you'll take that land.
I took that land.
I worked it out.
I had it by the band.
Fixed a break.
Beautiful.
I knew that I didn't like it back then.
He said, boy, I don't remember him.
He got him, you know, from me.
Oh, she said, man, the talented boy.
He said, man, I forgot to have that.
I don't know what to do, but that was a kid.
He got the
What were the joys of being in the farm and ranching business?
What did you enjoy most?
She accepted?
Yes.
Here, go.
Go to the side one day.
Please, please.
Please, please, too.
Let's take a version of that one.
A girl came around to get the order.
I bet there were 50 white people in the area.
Sir, I was saying, I didn't want it.
He said, you got it?
Yes, sir.
One minute, we got back.
in Chicago, New York.
He's praying.
He's coming out.
Thank you.
Soldiers in there.
I'll make quite a minute.
Give it a minute.
If you were buying land today
If I were buying land and came to you for advice, where would you tell me to look at land most closely?
Where in Texas?
That's a tough question.
Out here?
When did you buy this land?
14,000 acres.
Do you run cattle on it?
Sheep?
What kind of cattle?
Santa Couture.
Let's go back to Texas A&M.
You worked with President Gilchrist.
Describe his accomplishments, his goals.
in the highway department was he a big man physically who was it that's
decided he was the one to bring to A&M.
Do you know him?
Because he came as dean of engineering and then became president.
Was he easy to work with?
Who was the executive director of the former students then?
trying to remember who was leading the former students in those years.
I don't either.
And let's see.
And Dr. Harrington was coming up on the faculty.
Did you remain in connection with him after you finished as a student?
And
Did he and Ruth Harrington get married soon after his college days?
She's still living there in Bryan.